I wish I was your mirror, so that I could look at you every morning.
You’re so hot, I get a tan every time I look at you.
You were amazing last night. Imagine what it would be like if it wasn’t just in my dreams?
Sweet dreams… I hope I’m in them.
I really like our friendship, but I was thinking… Do you want to make it more?
Do you believe in love at first sight, or do I need to walk past you again?
You’re already on my mind, and I’ve only just woken up.
Do you have a to-do list? If so, put me on it.
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
 I’m a bit like a Rubik’s cube. The more you play with me, the harder I get.
 I understand you don’t want any more children, but is there any chance we can at least practice tonight?
 The best thing about a keyboard is that U and I are together.
 Don’t tire yourself out at work. You’ll need some energy for later.
 I’m trying my best to fall asleep, but I just can’t stop thinking about you.
 At night time I sleep dreaming of you, and in the day time I dream of sleeping with you.
 You looked so beautiful the last time I saw you, that I forgot my pickup line.
 Do your feet hurt? Because you’ve been wandering around my thoughts all day.
 You looked great today. I know I didn’t see you, but I know you look great every day.
 Send me a picture so I can send Santa my wish list.
 If Van Gogh had you as a subject, the sunflowers would have gone in the trash.
 Here’s to hoping your day consists of green traffic lights, the fastest line at the supermarket and all the quickest routes that will bring you straight back into my arms.
 On a beautiful day like this, the only thing that could improve it is having you by my side.
 A hundred miles away and you’re still here right in my heart.
 You’re like a .com domain name – already taken. And I ain’t about to settle for no .org.
 Don’t listen to your friends, listen to your heart.
 I was thinking of you today, while I was doing some math problems, but there weren’t enough spaces on the calculator to work out how much I love you.
 The next time you see your parents, send them my sincerest gratitude.
 In my opinion, God’s only mistake when he made the world was that he didn’t keep you to himself.
 Love is blind, but the police aren’t. Let’s book a room.
 I want triplets, you want twins, let’s go to bed, and see who wins.
 Every time you enter the room, you enter my heart.
 I’ve just bought some chocolate spread… Any ideas what we should do with it?
 This email is a group message being sent from our company to all 10/10 beauties in your area. Currently, you are the only recipient.
 You remind me of a private jet… I want to get inside you five times a day, and fly you to heaven and back.
 If Einstein was such a genius, how come he didn’t invent a time machine so he could come and see you?
 I’m lying in bed, bored. Want to play Simon says? [Read: The best naughty texting games to have fun all night long]
 Tired out. Been running around like a nutcase at work today. I’m too much of a perfectionist. I’m a perfectionist in most things I do. That’s why I like you so much.
 I’d like to say that I couldn’t be more in love with you, but I know that’s not true. I’ll love you even more tomorrow.
 Would you mind emptying your pockets – I believe you’ve stolen my heart.
 If kisses were raindrops, I’d send you a flood.
 Hey, you look a lot like my next girlfriend!
 Do you know any good cardiologists, because my heart skips a beat every time I think of you.
 I wish I was your teddy bear.
 I’ve just got out of the shower. How about coming over and helping me get dirty again?
 I don’t think about very many things, and I don’t think for very long, but when I do think, it invariably tends to be about you.
 Of all the stars in the sky, there are none as beautiful as you.
 Are you free… For the rest of your life?
 God created the world in six days, rested on the seventh, but it took him thousands of years to produce someone as perfect as you.
 I can’t raise the courage to tell you how much I adore you, so I guess I’ll just keep it to myself.
 Can you send me a picture? My friends don’t believe that angels exist.s